When you're transferring to civilian life, it really depends on what type
of job you had when you were in the military service. So I was an
Electrician's Mate, which means that the word electrician is a part
of lots of jobs out there, so it shouldn't be too difficult to find
a job that kind of fits my job on the ship. I was also a nuclear technician
and obviously there are much fewer jobs out there for that,
but they can be found. So every job in the military has a basic breakdown
of all the things that they performed in very general categories.
So some are more transferable than others. If you worked on nuclear
weapons then chances are there aren't that many jobs for you.
Comparatively there aren't that many jobs out there. However, if you're
a cook let's say, then you know every city, every town, every shop,
every place that that has shops for cooks has a job that you can
apply for. So it really depends on the type of job that you get.